Group.1	: subject, 30 person, from 1 to 30
Group.2	: activity, 1 WALKING, 2 WALKING_UPSTAIRS, 3 WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, 4 SITTING, 5 STANDING, 6 LAYING
tBodyAcc-mean()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-std()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-std()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-std()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-mean()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-std()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-std()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-std()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-mean()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-std()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-std()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-std()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-mean()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-std()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-mean()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-std()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-mean()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-std()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-mean()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-std()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-std()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-std()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-mean()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-std()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-std()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-std()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-mean()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-std()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-meanFreq()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq()	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
angle(tBodyAccMean,gravity)	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
angle(tBodyAccJerkMean),gravityMean)	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
angle(tBodyGyroMean,gravityMean)	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
angle(tBodyGyroJerkMean,gravityMean)	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
angle(X,gravityMean)	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
angle(Y,gravityMean)	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
angle(Z,gravityMean)	: the mean of the feature for each subject and each activity, for detail feature infor , Pls refer to features_info.txt
